DOCS-1398: Remove ODrive page (#2299)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/changelog.md

{{% changelog color="added" title="Connect an ODrive motor controller as a Viam module" %}}

> You can integrate and control ODrive motor controllers with Viam using the [`odrive` module from the Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/odrive).

Reviewer: I think @npentrel and I agreed to use Github links instead of app

> You can integrate and control ODrive motor controllers with Viam using the [`odrive` module from the Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/odrive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can integrate and control ODrive motor controllers with Viam using the [`odrive` module from the Viam registry](https://github.com/viamrobotics/odrive).
```
